README.md, before:

[中文版本](./README_zh.md)

## 常见故障汇总

收集在学习以及工作中遇到的常见故障，避免遇到相同的问题再次花费大量时间解决。

## 故障分类

### Docker

1. [ID duplicated - Node was already added to the cluster](./docker/swarm/ID_duplicated.md)

### Hadoop & Spark

### Linux

1. [Apache httpd can't parse php on centos7](./linux/centos/apache-httpd-cannot-parse-php-on-centos-7.md)
2. [在终端拷贝粘贴时出现异常字符乱码](linux/终端粘贴乱码.md)

### Openstack

1. [Sahara can't SSH into instances - can't read SSH protocol banner](./openstack/sahara/can_not_ssh_into_instances.md)
2. [Sahara fail to create CDH cluster - fail to generate hadoop configuration](./openstack/sahara/fail_to_generate_hadoop_configuration.md)
3. [Sahara fail to create CDH cluster - hang on 'Await starting Cloudera Manager'](./openstack/sahara/hang_on_check_cloudera_manager_start.md)
4. [Nova fail to spawn vm - failed to initialize KVM: Permission denied](./openstack/nova/failed_to_initialize_KVM.md)

### 编程语言

## 黑科技技巧

Commit message:

Can't connect to MySQL server on 'XXX' (13)

README.md, after:

[中文版本](./README_zh.md)

## 常见故障汇总

收集在学习以及工作中遇到的常见故障，避免遇到相同的问题再次花费大量时间解决。

## 故障分类

### Docker

1. [ID duplicated - Node was already added to the cluster](./docker/swarm/ID_duplicated.md)

### Hadoop & Spark

### Linux

1. [Apache httpd can't parse php on centos7](./linux/centos/apache-httpd-cannot-parse-php-on-centos-7.md)
2. [在终端拷贝粘贴时出现异常字符乱码](linux/终端粘贴乱码.md)
3. [php页面连接数据库失败 - Can't connect to MySQL server on '192.168.xxxx' (13)](linux/php连接mysql失败.md)

### Openstack

1. [Sahara can't SSH into instances - can't read SSH protocol banner](./openstack/sahara/can_not_ssh_into_instances.md)
2. [Sahara fail to create CDH cluster - fail to generate hadoop configuration](./openstack/sahara/fail_to_generate_hadoop_configuration.md)
3. [Sahara fail to create CDH cluster - hang on 'Await starting Cloudera Manager'](./openstack/sahara/hang_on_check_cloudera_manager_start.md)
4. [Nova fail to spawn vm - failed to initialize KVM: Permission denied](./openstack/nova/failed_to_initialize_KVM.md)

### 编程语言

## 黑科技技巧
